Improve Collections documentation (#111)
OpenTermsArchive/docs: content/collections/governance.en.md

---
title: Governance
weight: 2
---

# Collection governance

Setting up and maintaining a collection needs fulfilling certain tasks. These tasks are handled through roles. Each of these roles can be volunteer or paid, and can be handled by one single or several different entities. The Open Terms Archive core team provides processes and tools to support all of these roles.

## Host

> This role ensures that a server and internet access is available to run the engine on and fetch the terms, either by using its own infrastructure or renting a space on a cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This role ensures that a server and internet access is available to run the engine on and fetch the terms, either by using its own infrastructure or renting a server on a hosting provider.
```
